Modify rule S6438: Adapt to LaYC (#2369)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6438/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

JSX lets you write HTML-like markup inside a JavaScript file, commonly used in React.

> Adding comments inside JSX might be tricky as JSX code is neither a plain HTML nor JavaScript. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding comments inside JSX might be tricky as JSX code is neither plain HTML nor JavaScript. 
```

Author: i will skip this one, I refer to HTML nor JS as languages, not as a file, where the `a` would be more suited

> HTML comment syntax (``++<!-- comment here -->++``) will fail because they are parsed as DOM nodes.

Reviewer: Let's clarify what "fail" means here.

JavaScript-style comments, single or multiline, will create an additional text node in the browser, which is probably not expected. 

[source,javascript]
----
<div>

>   // text inside node

Reviewer: Noncompliant comment ?

</div>
----

> To avoid that use JavaScript multiline comments enclosed in curly braces. Single-line comments can also be used, but avoid having the ending bracket in the same line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid that, use JavaScript multiline comments enclosed in curly braces. Single-line comments can also be used, but avoid having the ending bracket in the same line.
```

[source,javascript]
----
<div>
  {
    /*
      multi-line
      comment
    */
  }
  {
    // single-line comment
  }
  { /* short form comment */ }
</div>
----

> Note that JavaScript comments are also allowed next to the attributes (`<div /* comment */>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that JavaScript comments around attributes are also allowed (`<div /* comment */>`).
```
